Hi everybody and welcome back.
Now in our last lecture recreate the upper class and I still have it open here so you can see it here.
Class book than all the code within.
So in our previous section we were looking at functions and a function that is part of a class.
It's called a method.
So here's our first function DSF and I-T.
So this is the method that we have three more methods down below it.
So the init method is a special Spuyten method that runs automatically whenever we create a new instance
based on the book class.
This method has two leading underscores and two trailing underscores.
This helps Python's method name from conflicting with our method names.
We define the init method to have four parameters self name price and publisher.
So here we are here.
Nothing new so far.
The self method is required and the method definition and a must come first before the auto parameters
and must be included in definition.
Because when pipe because the method later to create an instance of a book the Met call would automatically
pass the sound argument.
Every method call associated with a class automatically passed itself which is a reference to the instance
itself.
It gives the individual instance access to the attributes and methods in the class.
When we make an instance of book pite more call the NF method from the class will pass book and name
price and publisher self is pass automatically so we don't need to pass it whenever we want to make
an instance from the book class will provide values only for the last tray parameters name price and
publisher are tree variables defined here name price and publisher have the prefix itself and the variable
prefix itself is available to every method in the class.
So only these variables here are available to.
And it is Mattos below will also be able to access these variables to any instance from the class self
the name equals name takes the value stored in the parameter name and stores it in the variable name
which is then a taxi the instance being created.
The same process happens with south'ard price and self-publisher variables that are accessible to instances
like this are called attributes.
The book class has treated a method defined we can see them here.
Hi back soft back on the netbook because these methods don't need additional information like a name
or a publisher.
We just find a way to have one parameter self the instances we create later will have access to these
methods.
In other words they'll be able to open or close or have more descriptions or more functions.
But for now they don't do much.
They simply print a message saying that this is a hard back or soft back or an e-book.
This concept can be extended to realistic situations.
If this class were part of an online bookstore these methods would contain code such as revues description
of the book.
Whether you can look inside the book digitally and so on and so forth.
Now in our next lecture we're going to be looking at making an instance of a class but that's it for
now and this lecture which mainly just describes the body of our class time listing if any questions
please let me know and I'll see you in the next lecture.